Title: The One With The Fake Party

Monica:: What is it hon?
Phoebe:: I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes
me nauseous! I’m telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake—ooh! Cake!
(Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.) No.
Monica:: Aww, honey I’m sorry.
Phoebe:: God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh!
(She goes to the bathroom.)
Chandler:: Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
Joey:: Yeah?
Phoebe:: It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I
want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Joey:: Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.
Phoebe:: (she smells his head) No!
Joey:: Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?
Phoebe:: Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he
wants me to eat meat? I can’t eat meat!
Joey:: Oh, wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it’s a pickle?!
Chandler:: What are you writing?
Rachel:: Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the
guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Chandler:: Oh yeah? (He grabs the pad and starts reading it.) Joshua, give me a
call sometime, guys like you (Pause) never go out of style—what did you throw away?
Chandler:: Hi guys!
All:: Hey!
Joey:: Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Ross:: Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the
Cupert-Hewitt museum.
Chandler:: Without me?!
Emily:: My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really
interesting.
Ross:: Yeah.
Emily:: They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that! (Shows them a
doorknob she has.)
Monica:: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not
supposed to take stuff.
Emily:: I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there.
(Chandler is shocked.) It’s a joke. (They all laugh.)
Ross:: Bye. (They kiss.)
Emily:: Right, I’ve got to be off, I’ll see ya. Buh-bye then. (She
leaves.)
Joey:: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Ross:: Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun.
And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fun! I even signed up for
helicopter classes. (Chandler is shocked.) She’s leaving in two days, I don’t
have to do it.
Monica:: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Ross:: Yeah, she’s got to go back to London. But you know what? I’ve
been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and
that’s it. Y’know.
Joey:: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
Chandler:: Yes, but in Ross’s case, theybothknow in two weeks
that’s it.
Ross:: Pheebs!
All:: Hey!
Ross:: (starts rubbing her belly) Hello! Hello!
Phoebe:: (angered by the rubbing) Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is
totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make
it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got nauseous.
Chandler:: Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck!
Phoebe:: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
Joey:: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
Phoebe:: That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow
too.
Joshua:: (coming in from a changing room) Okay!
Rachel:: Oh, here’s that trench-coat that you wanted.
Joshua:: Oh great! (He tries on the coat.) Wow! Yeah, it’s comfortable.
Rachel:: Yeah?
Joshua:: Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing. (He goes to put his
hands in his pockets.)
Rachel:: (stopping him) Oh no-no, no-no, they don’t want you to put your
hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Joshua:: Why not?!
Rachel:: Well, that’s because of a lot of…(She imitates someone picking
their nose and placing the treasure found in the pockets.)
Joshua:: Y’know, they ruin it for everybody.
Rachel:: I know!
Joshua:: Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.
Rachel:: Oh?
Joshua:: Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Rachel:: Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Joshua:: No, no, no, she’s nice but, y’know, it just it made me realize
that I’m just not, I’m just not ready to be dating, y’know?
Rachel:: Huh. Well, uh, that’s uh, that’s interesting. (She goes over
and retrieves her note.)
Joshua:: (noticing her) Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?
Rachel:: Oh, it’s just an anti-theft device.
Joshua:: Then uh, what’s-what’s this? (Shows her the real anti-theft
device.)
Rachel:: You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could
just tear this up. (Rips up the note.)
Rachel:: Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we
have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Chandler:: What are you talking about?
Joey:: Yeah, what’ going on?
Rachel:: We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s
actually for Joshua. (Starts handing out party hats.) Look, he said he’s not ready to
date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I
have the perfect opportunity to seduce him! (Hands Ross a party hat.)
Ross:: Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I
aren’t going to be here. All right? I mean, she’s going to come by first to say
good-bye, and then I’ve got a whole special evening planned. So I’m sorry, no
party.
Joey:: Awwww!
Emily:: (entering) Hello?
Rachel:: Surprise!!!
Emily:: No one’s ever thrown me a surprise party before!
Rachel:: Well, it was all Ross’s idea.
Emily:: You’re so sweet! And I’m so surprised!
Ross:: You really didn’t know?
Chandler:: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? (Points to
the living room.)
Rachel:: Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s
looking over here, say something funny.
Chandler:: Like what?
Joey:: What-what-what is so funny?
Chandler:: I said, "Like what?"
Joey:: Now that’s a thinker.
Rachel:: Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing
is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. (Chandler does so.) Okay. Okay. (She
does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.) Hi!
Joshua:: Hi!
Rachel:: Care for a cherry?
Joshua:: Oh, no thanks.
Rachel:: No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my
tongue.
Joshua:: You okay? (Rachel swallowed it whole and is not hacking like a heavy
smoker in the morning.) You all right? (Rachel walks away, coughing.)
Ross:: (interrupting Monica and Emily) So we should probably get going soon.
Emily:: Oh, but the party’s only just getting started!
Ross:: Yeah, but we-we have to be at theFour Seasonsfor drinks in 15
minutes and then y’know, thenThe Plazafor dinner.
Emily:: So why did you plan a party at the same time?
Ross:: No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very
short. It’s usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I’m so
surprised—good-bye!"
Emily:: But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been
telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea
parties.
Ross:: Monica said that did she? (He squeezes Monica’s knee really hardly
and Monica winces in pain.)
Phoebe:: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Joey:: A little salami.
Phoebe:: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Joey:: Pastrami.
Phoebe:: Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.
Rachel:: Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?
Joey:: Yeah. (He goes over to her.)
Rachel:: Up!
Monica:: You changed?
Rachel:: Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
Monica:: And lucky means, more cleavage?
Chandler:: Does for me.
Rachel:: Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab
him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Joey:: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
Rachel:: What?
Joey:: There was a seen inFootloose...
Chandler:: Flashdance.
Joey:: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl…
Chandler:: She was a welder.
Joey:: What? Were you likeinthe movie, or… Anyway, she takes off
her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Monica:: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Rachel:: It’s not Christmas!
Monica:: Or Spin the Bottle?
Rachel:: He’s not 11!
Emily:: (with her coat on, she’s leaving with Ross) Thank you so much for
this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
Rachel:: What? You’re leaving?!
Ross:: Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Joshua:: Uhh, yeah, I think I’m going to take-off too.
Rachel:: No! You guys can’t leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole
big thing planned!
Ross:: What big thing?
Rachel:: (spinning the bottle) So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the
bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where
Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther’s face and decides
not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
Emily:: I’ll go.
All:: Yay!
Joey:: Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)
Monica:: Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now! (They kiss
again.)
Rachel:: Yay! Emily!
Chandler:: What are the odds? What are the odds?
Ross:: (stopping them) Okay, that-that’s enough! Y’know, let’s,
let’s let someone else play.
Joey:: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?
Rachel:: Okay, my turn!!
Phoebe:: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!
All:: Ohh!
Rachel:: It’s okay! It’s okay! It kicked once, it’ll kick again!
All:: Oh my God!
Rachel:: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
Rachel:: Just a bug.
Phoebe:: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it.
Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded
murder.
Chandler:: Okay.
Chandler:: There’s a Phoebe on my sandwich! (He walks away, giving the
sandwich to Phoebe.)
Joey:: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
Phoebe:: I can’t help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
Joey:: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating
someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really
hot?
Phoebe:: Yeah, totally!
Joey:: All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going
to do something wrong, (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!
Joey:: Feel better now?
Phoebe:: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m
gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows.
Joey:: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
Phoebe:: What?
Joey:: Well, I eat a lot of meat right?
Phoebe:: Yeah.
Joey:: Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals
would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals.
Phoebe:: Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me.
Joey:: Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?
Ross:: Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked
for our check right away.
Emily:: But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a
skit.
Monica:: Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Rachel:: No-n-n-n-no! I amfinallythinking clearly. My lucky dress
wasn’t working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
Monica:: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—(pause), actually
I kinda want to see what happens.
Joshua:: Hey!
Rachel:: Hi!
Joshua:: Nice uh, costume.
Rachel:: Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big Americangood-bye
cheer. So okay! (Runs into the living room) Ready! Okay! Gimme an ‘E!’
All:: E!
Rachel:: Gimme an ‘M!’
All:: M!
Rachel:: Gimme an ‘I!’
All:: I!
Rachel:: Gimme an ‘L!’
All:: L!
Rachel:: Gimme a ‘Y!’
All:: Y!
Rachel:: What do you get? (She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and
performs a cartwheel.) Emily!! (Tries to do another one.) Emil—Whoa!! (She falls in
Chandler’s room.) Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! (Gunther’s
the only one that claps.)
Rachel:: I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no
big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me.
(She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.) What do I do now? What do I do
now?
Monica:: I think you’re done.
Joey:: Okay, time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)
Joshua:: Umm, that wasreallygreat, but I-I gotta take-off actually.
Joey:: (trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.
Rachel:: All right, come on, let’s go get your coat.
Joshua:: Okay.
Gunther:: Rachel is my girlfriend.
Joshua:: So, this was uh, really fun.
Rachel:: Oh, yeah! Real fun. (She makes a decision.) Y’know, this bra…
Really, bothers me. (She starts taking off her bra.) Y’know, this used to be my
bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, alotof memories. If these walls could
talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? (She is now violently
pulling on her bra in order to remove it, but it isn’t co-operating.)
Joshua:: Need uh, need a little hand there.
Rachel:: Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
Joshua:: You really don’t seem like you do. That’s…
Rachel:: Ughhhh!! Forget it! (Sits down heavily on the bed.) This is, this is not
how this is supposed to happen.
Joshua:: Well, what was supposed to happen?
Rachel:: Can you not look at me when I say this? (He turns around) I thought that
if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Joshua:: Huh. Oh, boy! (Sits down next to her.) Uhh, I-I don’t wear suits to
work, and I bought six of them from you.
Rachel:: Well, I’m sorry, I thought you needed them!
Joshua:: No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted
to see you.
Rachel:: Why?!
Joshua:: Because I-I like you.
Rachel:: You like me?
Joshua:: Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and
sophisticated—a lot of this isn’t based on tonight.
Rachel:: Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can’t believe this, all
this time, I liked you and you liked me!
Joshua:: But…
Rachel:: Oh no-no-no don’t say but! No-no, but’s never good! Let’s
just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
Joshua:: Okay uh, however…
Rachel:: Oh, now see that’s a fancy but.
Joshua:: My marriage likejustended, and I’m really not ready to get
into anything yet.
Rachel:: But….
Joshua:: I’m sorry, I, I just need a little time.
Rachel:: Okay.
Rachel:: Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua’s gone so
you and Emily are free to go.
Ross:: That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her fake party and
uh, it’s too late to do any of the things I had planned, so…
Rachel:: Oh, Ross, I’m sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
Ross:: Yeah.
Rachel:: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Ross:: Helps a little.
Rachel:: Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
Ross:: Yeah, have a seat.
Rachel:: I’m so sorry.
Ross:: That’s okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just
didn’t want it to end this way, y’know?
Rachel:: Well, maybe you didn’t want it to end?
Ross:: What do you mean?
Rachel:: You seem to really like her.
Ross:: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed
that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.
Rachel:: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends,
asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you
don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.
Ross:: You think?
Rachel:: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and
you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross:: Hey, you’re right.
Rachel:: Yeah.
Ross:: Thanks. (He starts to go inside and stops.) What photo album was it?
Rachel:: I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Ross:: Oh my God! Those weren’t albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
(He hurries inside and Chandler is taking out the garbage.)
Rachel:: Hey.
Chandler:: Hey.
Rachel:: You’re a pathetic loser, right?
Chandler:: Oh-ho, yeah!
Rachel:: Sit!
Joshua:: Hi. (He has just returned.)
Rachel:: Oh my gosh, Joshua!
Joshua:: All those things I said about not being ready…
Rachel:: They’re not true?
Joshua:: No, they’re-they’re all true.
Rachel:: Oh.
Joshua:: But…
Rachel:: Oh! Oh, I love that but.
Rachel:: You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Joshua:: Yeah.
Rachel:: Okay. (Joshua goes inside and to Chandler.) Every time.
Joey:: Oooh, what you got there?
Phoebe:: Pastrami.
Joey:: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?
Phoebe:: Hm-mm, corn beef.
Joey:: Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a
little of that smoked turkey?
Phoebe:: Okay.
Joey:: (He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is
the baby due?
Phoebe:: Six months.
Joey:: Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those
right?
Phoebe:: Not if I get there first.