Title: Friends: The Stuff You’ve Never Seen

Conan:: It’s a tradition here onFriendsafter every taping for me to
hang out with you guys, (They all laugh) talk down the episode umm… The point of this
whole thing is what people see in America is: they seeFriends, they love the show,
it looks like a smooth running machine, but behind the scenes there’s deceit,
mistrust, and hate. And I thought, I thought we’d actually take a look at uh,
y’know some of these moments where you guys are—there are mistakes. You make
mistakes.
Jennifer:: Once and a while.
Lisa:: From time to time.
Conan:: For example, I don’t have to memorize lines. You guys actually have
to remember what to say and you probably forget from time to time. Yes?
Matthew:: Our energy just comes way up when there’s an audience here, and
when that happens, something happens between your brain and your mouth sometimes and it
just doesn’t, it just doesn’t work.
Ross:: Uh, oh-oh, umm no you didn’t. I did.
Chandler:: Oh uh-uh, no-no-no-no-uh-uh. (He starts laughing, causing everyone
else to laugh.)
Phoebe:: So, we realize that—Oh no… (She resets herself) I’m
telling it! I’m telling it… (She loses it.)
Joey:: Ha-ha. Look—Come on, I don’t know what to do…or say. (He
laughs.)
Joey:: Ha-ha, very funny. I don’t know what to do! Y’know? Holy crud!
Joey:: Ha-ha-ha, very funny. Look, I don’t know what to do! (Long pause, as
everyone cracks up.)
Courtney:: It is one of those days!
Phoebe:: ‘Xcusa seniora, voulez-bere quakay—[Beep]—uck it!
Matt:: Wow Pheebs, you-you speak gutter?
Conan:: You still get nervous everybody just before a show?
Matthew:: Absolutely.
Lisa:: Everybody.
Courtney:: It’s amazing, like all week long we’ve-we’ve been saying
the same lines and then the audience is here and we will mess up, and if you mess up
once
then you’ll get nervous because you’ll—you know you’ll probably mess
up again.
The Director:: Action!
Monica:: (holding her hand in front of her face) When you were little you slept
through-through the Grand Canyon.
The Director:: Watch again that hand.
Courtney:: This’ll be five/ten takes.
The Director:: Okay.
Courtney:: Okay. You know it’s gonna happen.
The Director:: Once again, and action!
Monica:: (the hand’s still there) When-when you were little you slept
through the Grand Canyon. (She actually itches her nose this time.)
Courtney:: Oh! Okay! I’m gonna try it without the coffee cup ‘cause I
think it’s the left hand that’s messing me up.
Monica:: When you were little you slept through the Grand—(Pointing
again)—Oh fffff….
Monica:: Sorry, let’s go back! ‘Cause you’ve got more to say.
Lisa:: Do I? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, that’s your fault. I…say.
Lisa:: I love you.
Courtney:: I love you! (They hug.)
Conan:: But there must be, there must—are a lot of moments over the years
where you’re just trying to do your job, something goes wrong.
Joey:: Hey and, this is a little extra something for y’know, always being
there for me.
Matthew:: Hey Joey! The camera hit our wall!
Matt:: What?!
David:: Ahh! Sh—(Beep)—it that hurt!
Jennifer:: Are you okay?
Chandler:: Hey Rach! (She breaks up and goes back into Monica’s.)
Joey:: Oh yeah? Then how come I keep—(He notices that the marker board they
use has been left on the entertainment center and holds up his discovery.)
Monica:: It was so wild! We told ‘em we were the Gundersons in
16…
Courtney:: (laughing) I spit on her!
Jennifer:: (to Lisa)Operation. You had a fun one.
Lisa:: Oh yeah!
Jennifer:: WithOperation.
Conan:: It was a little game. Yeah, with an electric buzzer.
Phoebe:: Oh-ooh, and I broughtOperation, but umm I lost the umm… (It
starts buzzing) It’s making a noise.
Lisa:: But le Blanc really doesn’t mess up much.
Conan:: You don’t verbally mess up, but sometimes physically? You mess up.
Matt:: I have had some clumsy moments, I guess you can call ‘em.
Lisa:: He fell down once! And we re-did it and we went back. And
he—(laughs)—he was afraid he was gonna fall down…
Conan:: You could actually see him trying not to fall down.
Joey:: Pheebs! (He looks down as he goes down the step to make sure he
didn’t fall again.) Check it out! (He starts laughing when he realized what he did.)
Courtney:: This particular time when he continued to fall or y’know, try not
to fall, I was in the room with Matthew and Matthew was like, "Should I do it?"
Joey:: Pheebs! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! (Hands her
one.)
Phoebe:: Ooh,Soap Opera Digest!
Conan:: Matthew, you have a reputation with the rest of the cast that sometimes
you like to, you like to fool around a bit. I mean like if something’s naturally
going wrong you like to get in there and juice it a little bit. True or false?
Matthew:: I don’t necessarily like to juice things…
Courtney:: He said true or false!
Joey:: Oh! Ooh-ooh!
Monica:: What are you doing?!
Joey:: You’re still a tiny bit on fire there.
Monica:: Oh geez! Okay! Thanks!
Monica:: Well, it was good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me
that?
Chandler:: What the fu—(beep)—ck are you doing?!
Conan:: Now you guys work with animals a lot. You had to work early on with a
monkey…
Jennifer:: That damn monkey.
Conan:: That damn monkey.
Rachel:: Okay. Okay, see now the one with the feather boa? That’s Dr.
Francis. She used to be a man. Oh look! There—(Marcel (Katie) jumps away)—Okay.
(And runs behind her on the back of the couch for a little while.)
Jennifer:: Katie. Geez! See Katie, come here—Katie! (Katie spills some
popcorn.) Katie, come here Katie. (She obeys and sits where she’s supposed to.) Very
good.
Jennifer:: Lisa’s laugh though…There’s—It’s so
infectious. It’s one of those things…just forget about it. Once it starts,
it’s all gone.
Rachel:: No y’know, I don’t want to switch! Come on! I can throw wet
paper towels here!
Phoebe:: Well at Monica’s you can eat—(Suddenly cracks up.)
Lisa:: Okay, shh yeah. ‘Cause it’s not silly.
The Director:: Here we go.
Jennifer:: Okay.
The Director:: And…action!
Rachel:: No-no Ph-Ph-Ph-Ph… (She starts laughing.)
Jennifer:: (to Lisa) Ready?
Lisa:: Yeah.
Conan:: And then it just builds on itself and there’s no doing the scene
after. I mean you probably wait and really get it together and do it.
David:: For me, I have a hard time with le Blanc in particular. When-when—I
mean when…
Conan:: (to Matt) You bastard.
Matt:: Yeah, what did I do?
David:: …I keep a straight face he-he delivers like this look, a reaction to
you, or a certain take, I-I—I mean I find itsofunny.
Joey:: Mornin’
Ross:: Mornin’
Joey:: I mean what kind of an actor, what kind of an actor can’t even say,
"Hmm, noodle soup?"
Matt:: That’s a good one? (They both laugh.)
David:: Now, we should go back and take the other line.
Matt:: Okay, I’ll just put a little more booze on there. (Pours some more
on.)
Ross:: I think, subconsciously…
Joey:: (cracking up) Nope, you lost me.
David:: No! Come on!
Joey:: Okay, the next situation is for Rachel. The wedding is about to start, you
walk into the back room and you find Monica taking a nap with Ross. (Ross lies on the
floor.) I’ll be Monica. Go! (He jumps down and cuddles up with Ross.)
Ross:: (jumping up) No! No! No!
Conan:: We’ll be right back with moreFriends, less me.
Courtney:: I’m doing my brother.
Matthew:: That’s…gross.
Conan:: You uh, you’ve worked with—They always say a performer should
never work with pets or children.
Jennifer:: Aww, the kids.
The Director:: Action.
Rachel:: Okay. Now—What is my first line?
Ben:: (prompting her) What did we agree?
Jennifer:: Okay…
David:: The good thing about the young kids though, they’re completely
unpredictable. Which is a lot of fun as an actor to respond with. But there was one
story…
Jennifer:: Oh little Ben.
David:: Where the story was that I was anticipating that I would be around to
hear my son’s first words spoken. But the scene was about that he wasn’t
supposed to be able to speak and, uh for some reason when we started doing the show…
Ross:: Hi! We’re visiting!
Rachel:: Yay!
Ross:: It’s Ben and his Da-Da. Da-Da? Can you say Da-Da? Y’know, you
might as well say it because I told your…
Ben:: Da…Da.
Ross:: Can you say Da-Da? See, I’m gonna tell your mommies you said it
anyway, so you might as well try…
Ben:: Da…Da.
Ross:: Huh?
Ben:: Da…Da.
David:: Yeah, he’s saying Da-Da.
Matt:: And then sometimes during the show y’know but you’re like, the
scene’s going one way but you’re just tempted to say something another time.
Like, do you remember that one where Monica’s baking cookies in our old apartment?
Jennifer:: She’s trying to intrigue us to hang out with her.
Matt:: Yeah, she’s trying to waft the smell across the hall to get us to
come hang out in her new place, and we’re sitting there eating pizza and I think it
was you (Points to Lisa) that said…
Phoebe:: What do I smell?
Matt:: I think I was supposed to say, "I don’t know," and go over
and open the door. And I went…
Phoebe:: What do I smell?
Joey:: (Pause) Sorry. (Raises his hand in shame.)
Matt:: (everyone laughs) And then it was like four takes later before we could
get through it with a straight face.
Phoebe:: What do I smell?
David:: Le Blanc.
Phoebe:: What do I smell?
Joey:: I don’t know, but it smells good. (He gets up and heads for the door
only to stop short and start laughing.)
Conan:: But audiences—You have a live studio audience and they must love
that. They must love it when they see you guys playing.
Chandler:: What are you guys doing?
Ross:: Nothing.
Joey:: Nothin’.
Conan:: So that you will intentionally do something
that—they’ll-they’ll intentionally screw it up?
Courtney:: Yeah!
David:: Yeah!
Matt:: (noticing the laughter) Why? What’s the matter?
Conan:: (to Courtney) You-you’ve worn a fat suit on the show. And, a lot of
people love you in the fat suit. Do you like wearing the fat suit? Is it fun?
Courtney:: I’m melting!
Courtney:: They made me dance, in the fat suit.
Conan:: I-I heard some of you guys talking about this earlier, but sometimes
there’s just a word that someone has to say that you’ll get hung up on. And
it’ll just—the way you say the word is funny to everybody else.
Ross:: That tastes like feet!
Matt:: It tastes like (mimicking him in a high-pitched voice) feet!
David:: Okay, we’re good.
The Director:: Action!
Ross:: That tastes like feet!
Matt:: Sometimes the dialogue itself is just so funny and
you’ll—we’ll be rehearsing during the week and you
just—whatever-whatever the joke is; it’s so funny we can’t get through it
in rehearsal and just…
Jennifer:: You just know.
Matt:: You-you mentally make a flag on it and you say, "Okay show night,
I’m just—I’ll never be able to get through this."
Monica:: Are you saying that you don’t want to get with this?
Chandler:: You see, I don’t say—(Starts laughing.)
Phoebe:: (spitting the cookie out onto a napkin) Oh, sweet
Je—(Beep)—sus! Oh! Monica, these are the (laughing) cookies they serve in hell!
Chandler:: (noticing the woman on the screen) Whoa! She’s purty!
Joey:: Oh yeah, and she’s really nice too! She taught me about y’know,
how to work with the cameras and smell-the-fart acting.
Monica:: Joey?
Rachel:: I’m sorry…
Ross:: Excuse me, what?
Conan:: When you have to do physical business for a scene, I mean there must be;
there must be a lot of funny moments when you have to physically do a task as part of a
scene.
David:: Yeah, Rachel, Chandler, and Ross had to try to get a couch up a
stair—a very narrow New York stairwell and that was probably…I-I think it was
the hardest I’ve-I’ve laughed in my life period.
Ross:: Pivot! (They pivot) Pivot! (They pivot) Okay, pivot! Piv-at! (He starts
laughing.)
Ross:: Pivot! Piv-at! Piv-at!!
Chandler:: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
David:: Pivat!! (In a high pitched voice) Pivat!!!
Conan:: You’ve done over 150 episodes, but your favorite moments that 80
years from now you’ll be thinking about?
Matthew:: It is when we’re able to crack each other up.
Chandler:: Monica’s gotta have the phone in the right place
and—(Frantic babbling.)
Ross:: (To Chandler) All right! All right! All right! (To Joey) Wearefixing it.
David:: He’s gone. He’s…
David:: We enjoy watching each other. And I settle for watching each other’s
performance, and we like each other.
Ross:: Oh the band’s ready! And well—I-I—we gotta do what the band
says, right? I don’t care about the stinkin’ band!!
Conan:: OkayFriendsgang, thanks for doing it.
David:: Well thank you so much.
Jennifer:: Thank you Conan!
Matthew:: Well thank you for coming here, it’s good to see you.
Phoebe:: Thank you my babies. (Waves good-bye.)
Monica:: Oh what are doing?!
Joey:: You’re still a tiny bit on fire there!
Monica:: I think you got it!
Courtney:: I’m sorry, I messed up.
Matt:: I’ll do it again and again if you want.
Ross:: No-no! I’ll-I’ll… (He takes too much and some falls out of
his mouth, which starts him laughing.)
David:: That is too much!
Matthew:: Let me start that again.